React State Management update (#6066)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/20 State Management/0 State Management.md

React.js offers <a href="https://react.dev/learn/sharing-state-between-components#controlled-and-uncontrolled-components" target="_blank">two ways</a> to access and influence your components' state and content.

> Components that use the *controlled* state management mode delegate data storage and state management to other entities. Such components use *props* to receive data from their parents, and *callbacks* to notify their parent of state updates. The official React documentation recommendeds this approach for most users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components that use the *controlled* state management mode delegate data storage and state management to other entities. Such components use *props* to receive data from their parents, and *callbacks* to notify their parent of state updates. The official React documentation recommends this technique for most users.
```

> Components that use the *uncontrolled* state management mode are self-contained. Like traditional HTML, they store data directly inside the DOM. You can use`refs` to access this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components that use the *uncontrolled* state management mode are self-contained. Like traditional HTML, they store data directly inside the DOM. You can use `refs` to access this data.
```
